Welcome back everyone.
It's time to look at all of
the files that you've downloaded and
actually adjust one of the scripts
that you got inside that file.
So, I'm gonna pass you over to Randy here,
we're gonna look at his screen and
we're gonna get started on this.
>> So, the first thing we're gonna do
is go ahead and open up your terminal.
We're gonna need to set up a path
variable to your fastboot so
it's just easier to use the fastboot.
>> You've actually already done this
before in a previous lesson, so
follow along.
>> Go ahead and type it in and
start with the word export.
We're gonna use the variable name
fastboot, just to make things easier.
Then you set the path variable to
wherever your fastboot is located.
And mine is in my
Library/Android/sdk/platform-tools/.
>> In most cases when you
download the Android Studio IDE,
that's where they're gonna default it, so.
>> Yeah.
>> So yeah, Library/Android/sdk and then.
>> Right there.
You get it all.
And to check if this actually worked,
you just want to type in echo followed by
the dollar sign and the variable name.
In this case, it's fastboot so echo and
we see here the export was successful so
we're ready to move on.
Right here, you can see on the folders,
we already unzipped the three files we
downloaded in the previous section.
So the first thing you wanna do is go
ahead and take these two image files and
put them into the boot loader folder.
>> If we can get it.
Oh, I got it.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Okay, next.
Okay.
>> Yeah so, what he did is he took
the three files that he downloaded.
One of them was the boot loader,
which comes with all sorts of different
executables and images inside that folder.
What we wanted to do is we wanna modify
this script, which Randy's gonna show you
right now and we want to include these
other two images that we downloaded.
Instead of having so many steps, we're
just gonna move them into the folder and
modify the script one time
instead of several times.
>> This flash whole script right here
is the script that we need to modify.
So you just open it up in
your favorite text editor.
We're gonna go ahead and use Vim.
So we need a cd into that, cd Desktop and
then to Ubuntu/dragonboard.
And then flash all.
So here's a script and go ahead and
just put a dollar sign in
front of all these fastboots.
>> That's why we created the path variable
and called it fastboot, all in lower case,
was because we already knew that
inside this flash all script,
we were gonna encounter this.
And by adding those dollar signs,
we are essentially pulling that path
variable to execute our fastboot for
every one of those commands.
[COUGH].
>> Now over here in this little text
document, we have two more commands.
These commands are to load the boot image,
the Ubuntu OS image, and
the root file system.
>> Yeah, so this is that special part that
I was just talking about a second ago.
Instead of running this script,
the flash-all script, and
then manually inputting
both of these commands,
we're just editing the script once, and
then we don't have to do these commands.
So, it's gonna run everything and
then it's gonna push both of these
files onto there through the fastboot.
And this makes it so that it's just
one time execute, perfect, runs well.
>> Right.
>> And it should all go well.
>> Simple.
So go ahead and save file.
>> Yeah so, save it, just go ahead and
show them how to do that real quick.
You can go find all the VIM
command if you want online but
we're just gonna do :wq and
get out of there.
All right, cool.
So we'll see you in the next video, where
we actually flash it all into the board,
prep the board and get it all setup
with your Ubuntu operating system.